There is a "chronic" need for more housing for prison leavers in Wales, according to a charity.

A man has appeared in court after firearms, ammunition and cash were seized by police in Edinburgh.

Four people accused of kidnapping and torturing a mentally disabled man in a "racially motivated" attack streamed on Facebook have been denied bail.

West Brom have appointed Nicky Hammond as technical director, ending his 20-year association with Reading.

The pancreas can be triggered to regenerate itself through a type of fasting diet, say US researchers.

Since their impending merger was announced in January, there has been remarkably little comment about the huge proposed deal to combine Essilor and Luxottica.

A "medal at any cost" approach created a "culture of fear" at British Cycling, says former rider Wendy Houvenaghel.

Have you heard the one about the computer programmer who bought a failing comedy club in Texas and turned it into a million dollar a year business?

The reaction from BT's investors told us much about media regulator Ofcom's ruling on the fate of Openreach, the BT subsidiary that provides much of the UK's broadband infrastructure.

Manager Brendan Rodgers is sure Celtic can exploit the wide open spaces of Hampden when they meet Rangers in Sunday's League Cup semi-final.

Queen's University Belfast is cutting 236 jobs and 290 student places due to a funding reduction.

Hospital bosses in Sussex have apologised after about 850 patients were sent leaflets in error suggesting they might have cancer.

The shadow foreign secretary has suggested Labour will continue to support legislation paving the way for Brexit as it passes through Parliament.

Torquay United boss Kevin Nicholson says none of the money from Eunan O'Kane's move to Leeds from Bournemouth will go to the playing squad.

North Wales Police has been criticised at an inquest for sending an officer to speak to a hospital patient with paranoid schizophrenia.

Leicester City striker Gary Taylor-Fletcher has joined Sheffield Wednesday on an initial month-long loan.

Limiting access to federal research would do an "enormous disservice" to the US and the world according to former Nasa chief scientist.

John "Brad" Bradbury, drummer with The Specials, has died at the age of 62.

Tiger Woods missed the cut at the Farmers Insurance Open, as England's Justin Rose maintained a one-shot lead.

Former England striker Andy Cole says he faces a "long road ahead" as he recovers from his recent kidney transplant.

Pakistan has unblocked the video sharing site, YouTube, more than three years after it was banned for posting a video deemed insulting to Islam.

Leicester Tigers winger Miles Benjamin is likely to be out for the rest of the season because of a knee injury, reports BBC Radio Leicester.

Owain Doull has won Wales' first gold of the 2016 Olympics as  he helped the Great Britain men's team pursuit defend their cycling title in Rio.

Floods in the western Indian state of Gujarat have killed 218 people, government officials have confirmed.

All images copyrighted.

Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been fined HK$6m (£460,000) by Hong Kong regulators after it failed to detect a series of unauthorised transactions by one of its traders.

The Bafta awards had laughter, passion and plenty of politics.

Of his last 30 matches in 2016, Andy Murray won 28 and lost just two.

South African police say four people have been arrested in connection with the murder of former actor on popular local TV series Generations.

A shot was reportedly fired at a car outside a primary school in Liverpool as parents were taking their children inside, police have said.

Jessica Ennis-Hill has fallen from fourth to eighth place after six events at the Hypo-Meeting in Gotzis.

The Manor team have collapsed after administrators failed to find a buyer for the stricken business.

A total of 228 candidates will contest the Northern Ireland Assembly election next month - 48 fewer than last time.

With the value of the pound falling dramatically since Brexit, a "flash crash" last week when the currency lost 6% of its value against the dollar, and news on Tuesday that the pound had fallen again, when would be a good time to change those pounds to dollars?

A philosophy student who wears vintage clothing has won a national contest for alternative models.

Plans to move a statue depicting a Royal Marine in the Falklands conflict away from Portsmouth seafront have been criticised.

A suspected terrorist has been charged with breaching conditions imposed as part of the government's new terror monitoring powers.

Sussex have appointed former player James Anyon as head coach of their women's side.

League One side Bury have signed former Barnsley defender Reece Brown on a six-month contract.

In recent years, Hollywood remakes and re-imaginings of classic fairytales have come thick and fast - all darker, more adult versions of tales that originally appeared in cinemas.

Performers from 42 countries strode down a long red carpet near Ukraine's parliament this week, as a curtain-raiser to this year's Eurovision Song Contest.

It was 50 years ago today that The Beatles played their first gig at the Cavern Club in Liverpool - the venue where the band built their reputation and where Beatlemania was born.

South Africa's government has proposed a national minimum wage of 3,500 rand ($242; Â£199) a month.

The death of Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi has thrown the populous Horn of Africa giant into a period of deep uncertainty and created a serious leadership vacuum in the region with profound geopolitical implications.

Azhar Ali's unbeaten 66 helped Pakistan to reach 142-4 against Australia on a rain-affected first day of the Boxing Day Test in Melbourne.

Two new councillors have been elected in a by-election in the City of Edinburgh.

Russia has said it will carry on bombing rebel-held eastern Aleppo in Syria, defying US demands to stop.

Wales Under-20 Grand Slam winners Shaun Evans and Dafydd Hughes have signed their first professional contracts with Scarlets.

The expulsion of 35 Russian diplomats from the US over the email hacking scandal has drawn a barrage of abuse from Moscow, which seems poised to respond in kind.

Scrapping tuition fees in England is the biggest and most expensive proposal in Labour's £25bn worth of pledges for education.

